# nadi-jothidam-https-mahashivanaadijothidam.com-
An overview of the traditional naadi astrology of South India Naadi jothidam is a technique used by the people of South India for ages to learn about the happenings of one's life and the reasons behind them. South Indians believe that the sacred sages and Munis of ancient days had the power of foreseeing things, and they used their holy powers to write them on palm leaves. These writings have been stored to date treated with peacock oil on some occasions. Naadi is a Tamil word, meaning "in search of". As people are trying to find about themselves and their lives using these scriptures written in palm leaves, the process had got its name. However, nadi jothidam is somewhat different from that of common astrology with planets or palmistry. You could find several differences in the processes used to predict one's life using these various methods. Vaitheeswaran temple in South India is considered the prime center for this astrology technique. It is believed that the accurateness of this astrology technique would be more than other modes as one could not ensure the proficiency of the reader in those types. As the sages are known for their intelligence and powers, you can believe this technique.  How does it work? All you should do is to find a professional and knowledgeable naadi astrology center in your locality and know about your lives. According to South Indians, a person with the knowledge of reading these ancient writings on the palm leaves known as ola in Tamil could only read and deliver the answers to the questions people have. Also, they believe these writings would be reliable, and things would happen for sure. So, if you wish to know about your future, you can try visiting a professional naadi jodhidar who could read the ola written for you several years before by the great sages. As the ola would contain wordings from ancient Tamil written in the poetic form that is not in use currently, everyone could not read these leaves. It is the reason for seeking a trained jodhidar to help by interpreting the writings.   What could you know about yourself using naadi astrology? Knowing about one's future beforehand would always be exciting, and people would prefer knowing about almost anything they want. However, there are some factors that you could know using these olas for sure. Some of them are as follows,  Health – The primary factor about your life that you could know about using naadi astrology is your health and body's condition. You could know about your health as well as that of your family members using this technique. If any doshas are causing you health issues, you could get some solutions too.  Marriage, love, and relationship – After health, most people would have issues related to their marriage lives or relationship issues. If you are waiting to get married for a long time or your relationship is on the verge of a breakup, you could get some solutions or get to know about the right time for this holy thing to happen in your life using the wordings written in olas. A professionally trained naadi reader will let you know about all these causes restricting you from getting a married life or delaying the process. You can get clarity with his interpretation.  Career – Apart from health and marriage life, the next important factor to worry about would be your career. Everyone would love to know about the surprises awaiting them in their career. If you could know the way your career would get changed beforehand, you can prepare yourself. At least, you can get some mental relief as you would know that you will get rid of the dead-end job soon.  Wealth and business – Closely related to career, you could get to know about the time remaining for you to get rid of your poverty or issues in your business. You could get some predictions for the results and profitability of your new business through naadi astrology. If there are some restrictions for your growth, you could get solutions to overcome them.  Children – If you do not have children for a long time, you could get some remedies through this technique. 
